Updated Conference Content (#76)
pymc-devs/pymc.io: community/index.md

## Conferences

> The PyMC community organizes [PyMCon](https://pymcon.com/), whose last edition was in 2020. Follow [Discourse](https://discourse.pymc.io/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pymc_devs), or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pymc/) to be updated about the next edition! The [PyMCon 2020 videos](https://www.youtube.com/c/PyMCDevelopers/videos) are available for viewing.

Reviewer: @canyon289 and @cluhmann should confirm, but I'd update the beginning to

```suggestion
The PyMC community organizes [PyMCon](https://pymcon.com/), a recurrimg webseries which is currently ongoing! 

Follow [**Discourse**](https://discourse.pymc.io/c/events/pymcon-web-series/23), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pymc_devs), or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pymc/) to be notified about all the events!

Videos from the previous PyMCon edition in 2020 are [available on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/PyMCDevelopers/videos).
```
